[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
having at last been awakened
from his ancient slumber,
Majin Buu quickly put
his powers on display,
defeating Dabura and Gohan
in the blink of an eye.
Sensing these events from afar,
Vegeta blindsided Goku and took
the remaining senzu bean,
determined to face
this new threat alone.
Can the Supreme Kai
hold off the monster
until the Saiyan Prince
arrives? Find out now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[grunts]
[yells]
Supreme Kai, no!
[laughs]
Fantastic, Majin Buu!
Destroy! Destroy!
[groans]
[yells]
No. I have to save him.
[BUU cheers]
Ooh-ooh! Ooh-ooh!
[groans]
[BUU]
Oooh...!
[chuckles]
[hollers gleefully]
Ooh-ho-hooo!
You want a fight?
[BUU]
Stomp! Stomp!
Stomp! Stomp! Stomp!
[SUPREME KAI grunts]
[BUU hollers]
[SUPREME KAI]
How's that?
[exhales]
[gasps]
[BUU]
Hmmm... hmm.
Ahhh.. nnnngh!
[yells]
[exhales]
Oh! What a day!
[groans]
You poor thing. Are you
feeling pain, Supreme Kai?
Huh? That was a terrible spill!
[chuckles]
Ooh!
[groans]
[screams]
What's wrong, Supreme Kai?
Didn't get enough
sleep last night?
Don't you think the desert
is an odd place to take a nap?
[BABIDI laughs]
Serves you right!
Oh, I know! I think I'll
finish you off myself!
[laughs]
[GOHAN grunts]
[BUU] Ooh!
Talk to me, Supreme Kai.
Tell me you're okay!
Blast it! I was just
getting to the best part.
[chuckles]
Oh-oh-ooh!
[GOHAN] It didn't even faze him!
What kind of monster is he?
You in Buu's way. You go bye!
No, Gohan, look out!
[BUU yells]
[screams]
[GOHAN grunts]
Aah! I can't even see him now!
Knock him right out
of this galaxy!
[SUPREME KAI] Let that be
enough. Let him be alive.
Oh. I'm sorry, did you
have something to say?
[leaves rustle]
[thud]
[laughs]
You deserve this, Supreme Kai!
But at the same time,
I do have to thank you.
You've been a constant
thorn in my side.
And yet, if you hadn't
brought all these
incredibly strong
fighters with you,
I never would have had enough
energy to revive Majin Buu.
Maybe I should thank you
with a very special honor.
Death by the hands of
the great Babidi himself!
And considering you
robbed my father of his life,
I think we can all agree
that'd be quite poetic.
[SUPREME KAI grunts]
[BABIDI gasps]
Ugh! Better to be safe.
Hey! Majin Buu!
Good news, I'm giving
you the privilege
of killing Supreme Kai!
Hey! I'm talking to you!
[BUU] Ooh.
[stomach growls]
Buu feeling hungry!
Buu gonna eat now!
[laughs]
Oh, that's fantastic.
Eating him for lunch!
[laughs]
A perfectly shameful
ending for the mighty Kai!
Yes! Devour him, Majin Buu!
Gobble up every last piece!
I don't want the tiniest hair on
his head left in this universe!
Eat! Eat!
[laughs]
[yells]
[BABIDI] What, Dabura? No one
told me you were still alive!
I mean, of course
I'm glad you're okay and all,
but how could you
do that to my Buu?!
Aw man, we've been
looking forever.
They've got to be somewhere
around here, right?
[GOTEN]
Should be.
Wait, I feel something!
Just over that ridge!
[chuckles]
--Okay, let's go down!
--Yeah!
Goten! I think we better
drop out of Super Saiyan,
so they can't sense our power!
'Kay!
[TRUNKS] Darn it. I don't
recognize any of those guys.
Huh? No wait! I think I do!
Look there!
The one on the ground!
I think that's
the weird little guy
we saw at the tournament!
[gasps]
You're right!
He's not moving at all.
You think he's dead?
How can we tell
which guy's the Majin?
The one with the most
muscles, right?
Yeah. That's a
pretty good guess.
It's hard to tell from here,
though, we're too far off.
Hey Goten. You wanna see how
close to 'em we can get?
I don't know.
Hey, hold on, Trunks!
Wait for me!
[TRUNKS, GOTEN]
Huh?
Ooh.
Shoot! I still can't
tell what's going on!
Where's our dad
and Gohan and everyone?
They should be
in the middle of this!
What the--?
Hey Trunks, over there.
[TRUNKS]
Over where?
Up there on that cliff.
You see it?
Huh?
What do you think it is?
Well. One way to find out!
--[gasps]
--It's Piccolo!
[TRUNKS]
Oh, it's a statue.
Ha-ha. For a minute
that scared me.
[TRUNKS]
See? It's made out of stone.
But who would make
a statue of Piccolo
then stick it
all the way out here?
Whoever it was made a statue
that looks like Krillin, too!
Why? That's weird!
Aah.
Uh. That's not good.
Aah! That looked expensive!
[TRUNKS sighs]
On the bright side,
it looks like
they didn't hear that.
[grunting]
Babidi, listen to me.
Just think. This is Majin Buu.
There's something wrong with
him, something in his nature.
He'll never be the
loyal servant you wanted.
Soon he'll become too
powerful for you to control.
And when that day comes
he'll bring calamity down
on all of us!
Including you!
Unless we stop this creature
now while we still can,
he'll ruin us all!
Shut up, shut up,
shut up, shut up,
shut up, shut up, shut up!
[gasps]
You ran your spear through
my precious Majin Buu!
You think I went to all that
trouble to hatch him
just so you could do that?
I'm trying to save you.
Insolent fool!
[BOTH gasp]
Majin Buu! Are you okay?
Does it hurt?
But that can't be!
[DABURA]
No!
[laughs intensely]
Yes! Yes! Yes!
Now you see the true genius
of my father's creation!
[chuckles]
You hurt Buu.
Now Buu eat you.
[VEGETA] Once I smash
through this hatch,
I'll be inside
Babidi's spaceship.
Destroying that
should be the fastest way
to get their attention.
And ensure Majin Buu
sticks around for the fight.
Kakarot's son. I can't
sense his energy now.
He's dead because of me.
Kakarot.
[VEGETA grunts]
[growls lowly]
Buu gonna eat you!
We'll see about that!
[BABIDI chuckles]
[SUPREME KAI groans]
[BUU chuckles gleefully]
What?
Buu eat you! Buu eat you!
This wasn't the plan,
but so be it.
Now that Majin Buu is unsealed,
I have no need for Dabura.
[laughs]
[BUU]
Buu eat you! Buu eat you!
Stop that!
I'll show you!
[BABIDI]
No! Majin Buu!
Eat that, Majin.
[grunts]
Buu!
[BABIDI] Very good, Majin Buu!
You're extraordinary!
[BUU hollers gleefully]
Buu can't wait to eat you!
Buu eat you! Buu eat you!
That red guy's energy
is shooting up like crazy!
Now you'll see my true power.
Aah...!
[yells]
[DABURA] Not even a Majin
could survive that.
No. Not now. We're not
through! It can't be!
[DABURA chuckles]
[BABIDI]
You really got him? How?
[BUU] Buu eat you.
Buu eat you. Buu eat you.
Huh? What the--?
[BUU]
Buu eat you. Buu eat you.
[laughs]
My father was more
brilliant than I dreamed!
Yes! You let him
have it, Majin Buu!
Buu eat you. Buu eat you.
Ha-ha! You turn into cookie!
[DABURA yells]
Huh?!
[chuckles]
[BABIDI]
Outstanding, Majin Buu!
You're even greater
than I dared imagine!
[laughs]
[GOTEN]
Am I dreaming?
He turned him into
a cookie and ate him?
Uh-huh.
[KRILLIN]
What?
Krillin's real now!
[KRILLIN]
What are you kids doing here?
I think you've got
some explaining to do.
We do?
What? You were made out
of stone ten seconds ago,
explain that!
[KRILLIN]
Stone? Me?
That's right! I was attacked
by that guy with the horns--
I think his name was
Debra, or Dabura--
he spit on me. I started
changing and blacked out.
I'm normal now, though.
Hey, you think he means
that guy who just
got turned into a cookie?
Yeah, if he was
using his powers
to trap people in stone,
then maybe they all
went back to normal
once he was taken out.
[gasps]
I'm, uh, just gonna
go check on something.
[KRILLIN]
What's wrong with him?
I think he's worried 'cause
he broke Piccolo's statue
into a hundred pieces.
Eeh!
[GOTEN]
Uh... Is it bad?
[TRUNKS] You, uh--
You better not go up there.
Yeah, that doesn't sound good.
Don't tell my dad. It'll be
our little secret, okay?
[PICCOLO]
What secret?
[TRUNKS]
Huh?
[TRUNKS, GOTEN]
Huh?!
[chuckles]
That massive energy.
I've never sensed
anything like it!
[gasps]
No. Is that Majin Buu?
[TRUNKS] Um, Piccolo? Not that
I had anything to do with it,
but how are you in one piece?
My body can
regenerate as long as
my head stays intact.
But forget about me,
what exactly
happened down there?
Where are Goku and the others?
[TRUNKS]
I was gonna ask you that.
We only got here
a few minutes ago.
[KRILLIN]
Guys? Who's the pink weirdo?
[gasps]
Please don't say Majin Buu.
That's my guess.
[KRILLIN]
Oh! Isn't that nice.
[laughs nervously]
And I guess it's
his energy that's making me
wanna head for the hills?
[BABIDI]
Way to go, Majin Buu!
But don't stop the feast yet!
Come have your second course!
[laughs]
[BUU laughs]
That's the Supreme Kai,
and he's helpless!
[KRILLIN] Wait, Piccolo, please!
You've gotta think this through!
I know you want to help him.
So do the rest of us!
But not even you
can stop that guy,
you know it as well
as I do. You can feel it.
I saw him get
tagged with a spear
and act like it was nothing,
and then he turned
the other guy into
a cookie and ate him!
Damn it!
[SUPREME KAI groans]
[BUU laughs]
Buu wonder what food
to turn you into.
A chocolate? Or maybe jelly?
[laughs]
The smug ruler of us all!
Turned into children's candy!
[laughs]
What? Ah! My ship!
Anybody know what that was?
[NARRATOR]
With his bizarre powers,
Majin Buu has easily
defeated Dabura,
Gohan, and the Supreme Kai.
But one more challenger
still remains
to test the monster's might--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
And I think you're making
a big mistake, Vegeta,
trying to go up against
this creature on your own.
Haven't you learned anything
about the dangers of pride?
[VEGETA] This Majin bastard
is only toying with me.
He's more than powerful,
he's immortal!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Is there any way
to beat Majin Buu?